Clarify usage of preconnect for fonts (#5714)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/font-best-practices/index.md

If your site loads fonts from a third-party site, it is highly recommended that
you use the
[`preconnect`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Link_types/preconnect)
resource hint to establish early connection(s) with the third-party origin.
Resource hints should be placed in the `<head>` of the document. The resource

> hint below will set up a connection for loading the font stylesheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hint below sets up a connection for loading the font stylesheet.
```

</head>
```

> To preconnect the connection that is used to download the font file, you will
> need to add a separate `preconnect` resource hint that uses the `crossorigin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preconnect the connection that is used to download the font file, 
add a separate `preconnect` resource hint that uses the `crossorigin`
```
